Update samples to end the guide using the "okteto run" command (#9)
okteto/samples: movies/README.md

```console
$ cd cloud-samples/movies/api
$ okteto run okteto/movies:api
```

> This command deploys the API express serverin your Okteto Space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command deploys the API express server in your Okteto Space.
```

Go back to the browser, and cool! Your changes are automatically live with no need to refresh your browser. Everything happened in the cluster but no commit or push was required 😎!

<p align="center"><img src="images/okteflix.gif" width="650" /></p>

## Step 5: Deploy your application

Now that you are happy with your changes, it is time to deploy them.

Press `ctrl + c` and `ctrl + d` to go back to your local terminal at the `frontend` folder, and execute:

```console
$ okteto run okteto/movies:frontend
```

> This command replaces your Okteto Environment by a service running `okteto/movies:frontend`. If you want to use another docker image, your will need to build and push it manually (*note: contact us for private images support*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command replaces your Okteto Environment by a service running `okteto/movies:frontend`. If you want to use another docker image, you will need to build and push it to a public docker registry. (* [Contact us](mailto:sales@okteto.com?Subject=Support%20for%20private%images)  if you're interested in support for private images *).
```

> This command replaces your Okteto Environment by a service running `okteto/movies:frontend`. If you want to use another docker image, you will need to build and push it to a public docker registry. (* [Contact us](mailto:sales@okteto.com?Subject=Support%20for%20private%images)  if you're interested in support for private images *).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command replaces your Okteto Environment by a service running `okteto/movies:frontend`. If you want to use another docker image, you will need to build and push it to a public docker registry. (*[Contact us](mailto:sales@okteto.com?Subject=Support for private images)  if you're interested in support for private images*).
```
